doc: nrf: drivers: Add documentation for sQSPI MSPI shim driver (#22029)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`driver <drivers>`.

> * Added a new page describing the :ref:`sQSPI MSPI shim <mspi_sqspi>` driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :ref:`mspi_sqspi` that allows for communication with devices that use MSPI bus-based Zephyr drivers.
```
Now that I look this closer, the PR actually adds just the driver doc and the driver itself was added earlier. However, I believe adding the driver was not mentioned earlier in the changelog, so this entry could be here.
@annwoj opinions?

Reviewer 2: That is correct. If it wasn't mentioned earlier we can definitely mention it here. I'm fine with the suggestion

Author: Applied.

Documentation
=============

> * Added a new page describing the :ref:`sQSPI MSPI shim <mspi_sqspi>` driver.

Reviewer: I'd say this entry belongs under Drivers.

Author: Agreed. I'll move it there.

Author: Done.
